!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_OUTPUT_MODE	u-ctags	/u-ctags or e-ctags/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Universal Ctags Team	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Universal Ctags	/Derived from Exuberant Ctags/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	https://ctags.io/	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	0.0.0	/0484191/
Animation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^  class Animation {$/;"	c	namespace:gsap.core
AnimationVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface AnimationVars extends CallbackVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
ArrayValue	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type ArrayValue = any[] | FunctionBasedValue<any[]>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
AttrPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface AttrPlugin extends Plugin {}$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
AttrPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^declare const AttrPlugin: gsap.plugins.AttrPlugin;$/;"	C
AttrPluginClass	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface AttrPluginClass extends AttrPlugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
AttrVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface AttrVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Back	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Back: gsap.Back;$/;"	C
Back	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface Back {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Back	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Back: gsap.Back;$/;"	C
BackConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface BackConfig extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
BooleanValue	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type BooleanValue = boolean | FunctionBasedValue<boolean>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Bounce	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Bounce: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Bounce	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Bounce: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
CSSPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const CSSPlugin: gsap.plugins.CSSPlugin;$/;"	C
CSSPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface CSSPlugin extends Plugin {}$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
CSSPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const CSSPlugin: gsap.plugins.CSSPlugin;$/;"	C
CSSPluginClass	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface CSSPluginClass extends CSSPlugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
CSSProperties	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface CSSProperties {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
CSSRulePlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-rule-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const CSSRulePlugin: any;$/;"	C
CSSRulePlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-rule-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const CSSRulePlugin: any;$/;"	C
CSSVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface CSSVars extends Partial<CSSProperties> { }$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Callback	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type Callback = (...args: any[]) => void;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
CallbackType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type CallbackType = "onComplete" | "onInterrupt" | "onRepeat" | "onReverseComplete" | "onStart/;"	a	namespace:gsap
CallbackVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface CallbackVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Circ	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Circ: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Circ	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Circ: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Cubic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Cubic: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Cubic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Cubic: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
CustomBounce	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/custom-bounce.d.ts	/^  export const CustomBounce: any;$/;"	C
CustomBounce	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/custom-bounce.d.ts	/^declare const CustomBounce: any;$/;"	C
CustomEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/custom-ease.d.ts	/^  export const CustomEase: any;$/;"	C
CustomEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/custom-ease.d.ts	/^declare const CustomEase: any;$/;"	C
CustomWiggle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/custom-wiggle.d.ts	/^  export const CustomWiggle: any;$/;"	C
CustomWiggle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/custom-wiggle.d.ts	/^declare const CustomWiggle: any;$/;"	C
DOMTarget	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type DOMTarget = Element | string | null | ArrayLike<Element | string | null>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
DistributeConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  interface DistributeConfig {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.utils
Draggable	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^declare class Draggable {$/;"	c
DrawSVGPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const DrawSVGPlugin: gsap.plugins.DrawSVGPlugin;$/;"	C
DrawSVGPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface DrawSVGPlugin extends Plugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
DrawSVGPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const DrawSVGPlugin: gsap.plugins.DrawSVGPlugin;$/;"	C
DrawSVGPluginClass	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface DrawSVGPluginClass extends DrawSVGPlugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
Ease	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface Ease {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
EaseFunction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
EaseMap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface EaseMap {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
EasePack	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const EasePack: gsap.EasePack;$/;"	C
EasePack	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface EasePack {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
EasePack	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const EasePack: gsap.EasePack;$/;"	C
EaselPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/easel-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const EaselPlugin: any;$/;"	C
EaselPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/easel-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const EaselPlugin: any;$/;"	C
EffectsMap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface EffectsMap {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Elastic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Elastic: gsap.Elastic;$/;"	C
Elastic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface Elastic {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Elastic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Elastic: gsap.Elastic;$/;"	C
ElasticConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface ElasticConfig extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Element	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^interface Element {$/;"	i
EventEmitter	notum_life/node_modules/tiny-emitter/index.d.ts	/^declare class EventEmitter {$/;"	c
Expo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Expo: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Expo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Expo: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
ExpoScaleEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    ExpoScaleEase: gsap.ExpoScaleEase;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.EasePack
ExpoScaleEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const ExpoScaleEase: gsap.ExpoScaleEase;$/;"	C
ExpoScaleEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface ExpoScaleEase {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
ExpoScaleEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const ExpoScaleEase: gsap.ExpoScaleEase;$/;"	C
FunctionBasedValue	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type FunctionBasedValue<T> = (index: number, target: any, targets: any[]) => T;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
GSAP	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAP = typeof gsap;$/;"	a
GSAPAnimation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPAnimation = gsap.core.Animation;$/;"	a
GSAPCallback	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPCallback = gsap.Callback;$/;"	a
GSAPConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface GSAPConfig {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
GSAPDistributeConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPDistributeConfig = gsap.utils.DistributeConfig;$/;"	a
GSAPDraggableVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPDraggableVars = Draggable.Vars;$/;"	a
GSAPPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPPlugin = gsap.Plugin;$/;"	a
GSAPPluginScope	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPPluginScope = gsap.PluginScope;$/;"	a
GSAPPluginStatic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPPluginStatic = gsap.PluginStatic;$/;"	a
GSAPStaggerVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPStaggerVars = gsap.StaggerVars;$/;"	a
GSAPTickerCallback	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPTickerCallback = gsap.TickerCallback;$/;"	a
GSAPTimeline	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPTimeline = gsap.core.Timeline;$/;"	a
GSAPTimelineVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPTimelineVars = gsap.TimelineVars;$/;"	a
GSAPTween	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPTween = gsap.core.Tween;$/;"	a
GSAPTweenTarget	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPTweenTarget = gsap.TweenTarget;$/;"	a
GSAPTweenVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/index.d.ts	/^type GSAPTweenVars = gsap.TweenVars;$/;"	a
GSAPUnits	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type GSAPUnits = {$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
GSCache	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface GSCache {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
GSDevTools	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gs-dev-tools.d.ts	/^  export const GSDevTools: any;$/;"	C
GSDevTools	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gs-dev-tools.d.ts	/^declare const GSDevTools: any;$/;"	C
InertiaDuration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface InertiaDuration {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
InertiaEndFunction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  type InertiaEndFunction<T> = (value: T) => T;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
InertiaLinkedProps	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface InertiaLinkedProps {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
InertiaObject	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface InertiaObject {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
InertiaPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const InertiaPlugin: gsap.plugins.InertiaPlugin;$/;"	C
InertiaPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface InertiaPlugin extends Plugin, VelocityTrackerStatic { }$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
InertiaPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const InertiaPlugin: gsap.plugins.InertiaPlugin;$/;"	C
InertiaPluginClass	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface InertiaPluginClass extends InertiaPlugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
InertiaVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  type InertiaVars = {$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Labels	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^  interface Labels {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.core
Linear	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Linear: gsap.Linear;$/;"	C
Linear	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface Linear extends Ease {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Linear	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Linear: gsap.Linear;$/;"	C
ModifiersPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface ModifiersPlugin extends Plugin {}$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
ModifiersPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^declare const ModifiersPlugin: gsap.plugins.ModifiersPlugin;$/;"	C
ModifiersPluginClass	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface ModifiersPluginClass extends ModifiersPlugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
ModifiersVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface ModifiersVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
MorphSVGPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/morph-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const MorphSVGPlugin: any;$/;"	C
MorphSVGPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/morph-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const MorphSVGPlugin: any;$/;"	C
MotionPathHelper	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/motion-path-helper.d.ts	/^  export const MotionPathHelper: any;$/;"	C
MotionPathHelper	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/motion-path-helper.d.ts	/^declare const MotionPathHelper: any;$/;"	C
MotionPathPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/motion-path-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const MotionPathPlugin: any;$/;"	C
MotionPathPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/motion-path-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const MotionPathPlugin: any;$/;"	C
NumberValue	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type NumberValue = number | FunctionBasedValue<number>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Omit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^  type Omit<T, K extends keyof any> = Pick<T, Exclude<keyof T, K>>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap.core
Physics2DPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/physics-2d-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const Physics2DPlugin: any;$/;"	C
Physics2DPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/physics-2d-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const Physics2DPlugin: any;$/;"	C
Physics2PropsPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/physics-props-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const Physics2PropsPlugin: any;$/;"	C
PhysicsPropsPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/physics-props-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const PhysicsPropsPlugin: any;$/;"	C
PixiPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/pixi-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const PixiPlugin: any;$/;"	C
PixiPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/pixi-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const PixiPlugin: any;$/;"	C
Plugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface Plugin extends Partial<PluginStatic> {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
PluginAliases	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface PluginAliases {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
PluginInit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  type PluginInit = ($/;"	a	namespace:gsap
PluginKill	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  type PluginKill = (this: PluginScope) => void;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
PluginRender	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  type PluginRender = (this: PropTween, progress: number, data: PluginScope) => void;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
PluginScope	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface PluginScope {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
PluginStatic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface PluginStatic {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Point2D	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type Point2D = { x: number, y: number };$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Position	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type Position = number | string;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Power0	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Power0: gsap.Linear;$/;"	C
Power0	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Power0: gsap.Linear;$/;"	C
Power1	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Power1: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power1	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Power1: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power2	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Power2: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power2	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Power2: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power3	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Power3: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power3	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Power3: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power4	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Power4: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Power4	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Power4: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
PropTween	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface PropTween {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Quad	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Quad: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Quad	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Quad: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Quart	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Quart: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Quart	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Quart: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Quint	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Quint: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Quint	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Quint: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
RegisterablePlugins	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type RegisterablePlugins = $/;"	a	namespace:gsap
RoughEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    RoughEase: gsap.RoughEase;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.EasePack
RoughEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const RoughEase: gsap.RoughEase;$/;"	C
RoughEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface RoughEase extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
RoughEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const RoughEase: gsap.RoughEase;$/;"	C
RoughEaseConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface RoughEaseConfig extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
RoughEaseEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface RoughEaseEase extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
RoughEaseVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface RoughEaseVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
ScrambleTextPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/scramble-text-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const ScrambleTextPlugin: any;$/;"	C
ScrambleTextPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/scramble-text-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const ScrambleTextPlugin: any;$/;"	C
ScrollToPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/scroll-to-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const ScrollToPlugin: any;$/;"	C
ScrollToPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/scroll-to-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const ScrollToPlugin: any;$/;"	C
Sine	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Sine: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Sine	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Sine: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
SlowMo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    SlowMo: gsap.SlowMo;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.EasePack
SlowMo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const SlowMo: gsap.SlowMo;$/;"	C
SlowMo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface SlowMo extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
SlowMo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const SlowMo: gsap.SlowMo;$/;"	C
SlowMoConfig	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface SlowMoConfig extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
SlowMoEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface SlowMoEase extends EaseFunction {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
SnapPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface SnapPlugin extends Plugin {}$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
SnapPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^declare const SnapPlugin: gsap.plugins.SnapPlugin;$/;"	C
SnapPluginClass	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface SnapPluginClass extends SnapPlugin {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap.plugins
SnapVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface SnapVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
SplitText	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/split-text.d.ts	/^  export const SplitText: any;$/;"	C
SplitText	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/split-text.d.ts	/^declare const SplitText: any;$/;"	C
StaggerVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface StaggerVars extends CallbackVars, utils.DistributeConfig {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
SteppedEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const SteppedEase: gsap.SteppedEase;$/;"	C
SteppedEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  interface SteppedEase {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
SteppedEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const SteppedEase: gsap.SteppedEase;$/;"	C
StringValue	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type StringValue = string | FunctionBasedValue<string>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Strong	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^  export const Strong: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
Strong	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare const Strong: gsap.Ease;$/;"	C
TextPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/text-plugin.d.ts	/^  export const TextPlugin: any;$/;"	C
TextPlugin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/text-plugin.d.ts	/^declare const TextPlugin: any;$/;"	C
Ticker	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface Ticker {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
TickerCallback	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type TickerCallback = (time: number, deltaTime: number, frame: number, elapsed: number) => voi/;"	a	namespace:gsap
Timeline	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^  class Timeline extends Animation {$/;"	c	namespace:gsap.core
TimelineChild	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^  type TimelineChild = string | Animation | Callback | Array<string | Animation | Callback>;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap.core
TimelineLite	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  export class TimelineLite extends gsap.core.Timeline {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TimelineLite	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^declare class TimelineLite extends gsap.core.Timeline {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TimelineMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  export class TimelineMax extends gsap.core.Timeline {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TimelineMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^declare class TimelineMax extends gsap.core.Timeline {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TimelineVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface TimelineVars extends AnimationVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
Tween	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/tween.d.ts	/^  class Tween extends Animation {$/;"	c	namespace:gsap.core
TweenLite	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  export class TweenLite extends gsap.core.Tween {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TweenMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  export class TweenMax extends gsap.core.Tween {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TweenMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^declare class TweenMax extends gsap.core.Tween {}$/;"	c	namespace:gsap
TweenTarget	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type TweenTarget = string | object | null; $/;"	a	namespace:gsap
TweenValue	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  type TweenValue = NumberValue | StringValue;$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
TweenVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface TweenVars extends CSSVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
TweenVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface TweenVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
TweenVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  interface TweenVars extends AnimationVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
TweenVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  interface TweenVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
TweenVars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  interface TweenVars {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
VelocityMap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^  interface VelocityMap {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
VelocityTracker	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^  export const VelocityTracker: gsap.VelocityTracker;$/;"	C
VelocityTracker	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^  interface VelocityTracker extends VelocityTrackerStatic {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
VelocityTracker	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^declare const VelocityTracker: gsap.VelocityTracker;$/;"	C
VelocityTrackerInstance	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^  interface VelocityTrackerInstance {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
VelocityTrackerStatic	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^  interface VelocityTrackerStatic {$/;"	i	namespace:gsap
VelocityType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^  type VelocityType = "num" | "deg" | "rad";$/;"	a	namespace:gsap
_Draggable	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  class _Draggable extends Draggable {}$/;"	c
_gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  _gsap: gsap.GSCache;$/;"	p	interface:Element
_gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  const _gsap: typeof gsap;  $/;"	C	namespace:gsap
_next	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    _next: PropTween;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PropTween
_prev	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    _prev: PropTween;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PropTween
_props	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    _props: string[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginScope
_pt	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    _pt: PropTween;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginScope
add	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    add(callback: TickerCallback): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
add	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    add(...args: any[]): PropTween; \/\/ TODO: Add signature$/;"	m	interface:gsap.PluginScope
add	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    add(property: string, type?: VelocityType): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerInstance
aliases	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    aliases: PluginAliases;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginStatic
alignContent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    alignContent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
alignItems	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    alignItems: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
alignSelf	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    alignSelf: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
alignmentBaseline	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    alignmentBaseline: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
alpha	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    alpha: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
amount	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    amount?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
animation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animation: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationDelay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationDelay: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationDirection	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationDirection: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationDuration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationDuration: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationFillMode	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationFillMode: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationIterationCount	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationIterationCount: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationName	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationName: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationPlayState	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationPlayState: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
animationTimingFunction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    animationTimingFunction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
attr	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    attr?: AttrVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
attr	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  const attr: AttrPluginClass;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap.plugins
autoAlpha	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    autoAlpha: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
autoKillThreshold	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    autoKillThreshold?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
autoRemoveChildren	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    autoRemoveChildren?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TimelineVars
autoRemoveChildren	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^    autoRemoveChildren: boolean;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Timeline
autoScroll	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly autoScroll: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
autoSleep	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    autoSleep?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
axis	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    axis?: "x" | "y";$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
backfaceVisibility	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backfaceVisibility: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
background	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    background: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundAttachment	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundAttachment: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundClip	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundClip: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundPositionX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundPositionX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundPositionY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundPositionY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundRepeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundRepeat: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
backgroundSize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    backgroundSize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
base	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    base?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
baselineShift	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    baselineShift: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
border	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    border: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderBottom	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderBottom: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderBottomColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderBottomColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderBottomLeftRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderBottomLeftRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderBottomRightRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderBottomRightRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderBottomStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderBottomStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderBottomWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderBottomWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderCollapse	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderCollapse: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderImageOutset	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderImageOutset: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderImageRepeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderImageRepeat: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderImageSlice	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderImageSlice: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderImageSource	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderImageSource: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderImageWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderImageWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderLeft	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderLeft: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderLeftColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderLeftColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderLeftStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderLeftStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderLeftWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderLeftWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderRight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderRight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderRightColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderRightColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderRightStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderRightStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderRightWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderRightWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderSpacing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderSpacing: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderTop	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderTop: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderTopColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderTopColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderTopLeftRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderTopLeftRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderTopRightRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderTopRightRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderTopStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderTopStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderTopWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderTopWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
borderWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    borderWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
bottom	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    bottom: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
boxShadow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    boxShadow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
boxSizing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    boxSizing: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
breakAfter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    breakAfter: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
breakBefore	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    breakBefore: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
breakInside	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    breakInside: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
callbackScope	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    callbackScope?: object;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
captionSide	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    captionSide: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
caretColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    caretColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
checkPrefix	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  function checkPrefix(value: string): string;$/;"	f	namespace:gsap.utils
clamp	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    clamp?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseVars
clamp	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const clamp: typeof gsap.utils.clamp;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
clear	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    clear: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
clip	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    clip: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
clipPath	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    clipPath: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
clipRule	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    clipRule: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
color	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    color: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
colorInterpolationFilters	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    colorInterpolationFilters: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnCount	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnCount: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnFill	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnFill: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnGap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnGap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnRule	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnRule: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnRuleColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnRuleColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnRuleStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnRuleStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnRuleWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnRuleWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnSpan	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnSpan: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columnWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columnWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
columns	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    columns: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config(amplitude: number, period?: number): EaseFunction;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.ElasticConfig
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config(overshoot: number): EaseFunction;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.BackConfig
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config(startingScale: number, endingScale: number, ease?: string | EaseFunction): EaseFuncti/;"	m	interface:gsap.ExpoScaleEase
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config(steps: number): EaseFunction;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.SteppedEase
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config: RoughEaseConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEase
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config: RoughEaseConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseEase
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config: SlowMoConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.SlowMo
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    config: SlowMoConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.SlowMoEase
config	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  function config(config: GSAPConfig): GSAPConfig;$/;"	f	namespace:gsap
constructor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^    constructor(vars?: object, time?: number);$/;"	m	class:gsap.core.Animation
constructor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  constructor(target: gsap.DOMTarget, vars?: Draggable.Vars);$/;"	m	class:Draggable
constructor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^    constructor(vars?: TimelineVars, time?: number);$/;"	m	class:gsap.core.Timeline
constructor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/tween.d.ts	/^    constructor(targets: TweenTarget, vars: TweenVars, time?: number);$/;"	m	class:gsap.core.Tween
content	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    content: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
counterIncrement	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    counterIncrement: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
counterReset	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    counterReset: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
css	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    css?: CSSVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
css	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^  const css: CSSPluginClass;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap.plugins
cssFloat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    cssFloat: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
cssText	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    cssText: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
cursor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    cursor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
d	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    d: PluginScope;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PropTween
data	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^    data: any;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Animation
data	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    data?: any;    $/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
data	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/tween.d.ts	/^    data: any;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Tween
defaults	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    defaults?: TweenVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TimelineVars
delay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    delay?: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
delay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    delay?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TimelineVars
deltaX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly deltaX: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
deltaY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly deltaY: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
direction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    direction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
display	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    display: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
distribute	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const distribute: typeof gsap.utils.distribute;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
dominantBaseline	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    dominantBaseline: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
drawSVG	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^    drawSVG?: BooleanValue | TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
drawSVG	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^  const drawSVG: DrawSVGPluginClass;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap.plugins
duration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    duration?: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
each	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    each?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
ease	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    ease: RoughEaseEase;   $/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEase
ease	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    ease: SlowMoEase;   $/;"	p	interface:gsap.SlowMo
ease	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    ease?: string | EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
ease	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    ease?: string | EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
easeIn	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeIn: BackConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Back
easeIn	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeIn: EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Ease
easeIn	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeIn: ElasticConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Elastic
easeInOut	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeInOut: BackConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Back
easeInOut	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeInOut: EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Ease
easeInOut	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeInOut: ElasticConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Elastic
easeNone	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeNone: EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Linear
easeOut	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeOut: BackConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Back
easeOut	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeOut: EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Ease
easeOut	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    easeOut: ElasticConfig;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Elastic
effects	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  const effects: EffectsMap;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap
emptyCells	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    emptyCells: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
enableBackground	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    enableBackground: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
end	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    end?: number | number[] | InertiaEndFunction<any>;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaObject
endRotation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly endRotation: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
endX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly endX: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
endY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly endY: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
fill	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fill: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fillOpacity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fillOpacity: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fillRule	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fillRule: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
filter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    filter: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flex	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flex: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flexBasis	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flexBasis: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flexDirection	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flexDirection: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flexFlow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flexFlow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flexGrow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flexGrow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flexShrink	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flexShrink: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
flexWrap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    flexWrap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
floodColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    floodColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
floodOpacity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    floodOpacity: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
font	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    font: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontFamily	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontFamily: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontFeatureSettings	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontFeatureSettings: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontKerning	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontKerning: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontSize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontSize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontSizeAdjust	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontSizeAdjust: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontStretch	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontStretch: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontSynthesis	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontSynthesis: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontVariant	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontVariant: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontVariantCaps	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontVariantCaps: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontVariantEastAsian	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontVariantEastAsian: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontVariantLigatures	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontVariantLigatures: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontVariantNumeric	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontVariantNumeric: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontVariantPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontVariantPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
fontWeight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    fontWeight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
force3D	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    force3D?: "auto" | boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
fps	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    fps(fps: number): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
frame	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    frame: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Ticker
from	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    from?: "start" | "center" | "end" | "edges" | "random" | number | [number, number];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
gap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
get	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    get(target: object, prop: string): any; \/\/ TODO: Add signature$/;"	m	interface:gsap.PluginStatic
get	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    get(property: string): number;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerInstance
getAll	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    getAll(): VelocityMap;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerInstance
getByTarget	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    getByTarget(target: TweenTarget): VelocityTrackerInstance;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerStatic
getLength	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^    getLength(element: DOMTarget): number;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.DrawSVGPlugin
getPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^    getPosition(element: DOMTarget): number;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.DrawSVGPlugin
getSetter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    getSetter(...args: any[]): any; \/\/ TODO: Add signature$/;"	m	interface:gsap.PluginStatic
getUnit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const getUnit: typeof gsap.utils.getUnit;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
getVelocity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    getVelocity(target: TweenTarget, property: string): number;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerStatic
globalTimeline	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  const globalTimeline: core.Timeline;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap
glyphOrientationHorizontal	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    glyphOrientationHorizontal: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
glyphOrientationVertical	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    glyphOrientationVertical: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
grid	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    grid: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
grid	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^    grid?: "auto" | [number, number];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.utils.DistributeConfig
gridArea	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridArea: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridAutoColumns	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridAutoColumns: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridAutoFlow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridAutoFlow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridAutoRows	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridAutoRows: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridColumn	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridColumn: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridColumnEnd	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridColumnEnd: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridColumnGap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridColumnGap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridColumnStart	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridColumnStart: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridGap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridGap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridRow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridRow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridRowEnd	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridRowEnd: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridRowGap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridRowGap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridRowStart	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridRowStart: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridTemplate	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridTemplate: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridTemplateAreas	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridTemplateAreas: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridTemplateColumns	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridTemplateColumns: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gridTemplateRows	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    gridTemplateRows: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap {$/;"	n
gsap.core	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.core {$/;"	n
gsap.core	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.core {$/;"	n
gsap.core	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/tween.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.core {$/;"	n
gsap.plugins	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.plugins {$/;"	n
gsap.plugins	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.plugins {$/;"	n
gsap.plugins	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.plugins {$/;"	n
gsap.plugins	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.plugins {$/;"	n
gsap.utils	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^declare namespace gsap.utils {$/;"	n
height	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    height: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
hyphens	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    hyphens: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
icomoon	notum_life/fonts/icomoon.svg	/^<font id="icomoon" horiz-adv-x="1024">$/;"	d
icomoon	notum_life/fonts/icomoon.svg	/^<font id="icomoon" horiz-adv-x="1024">$/;"	i
id	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    id?: string | number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
imageOrientation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    imageOrientation: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
imageRendering	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    imageRendering: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
imeMode	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    imeMode: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
immediateRender	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    immediateRender?: boolean;    $/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
inertia	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    inertia?: InertiaVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
inertia	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^  const inertia: InertiaPluginClass;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap.plugins
inherit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    inherit?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
init	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    init: PluginInit;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Plugin
init	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    init: PluginInit;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginScope
interpolate	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const interpolate: typeof gsap.utils.interpolate; $/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
isDragging	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly isDragging: boolean;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
isThrowing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly isThrowing: boolean;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
isTracking	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    isTracking(target: TweenTarget, property?: string): boolean;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerStatic
justifyContent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    justifyContent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
justifyItems	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    justifyItems: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
justifySelf	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    justifySelf: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
kerning	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    kerning: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
keyframes	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    keyframes?: TweenVars[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
kill	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    kill: PluginKill;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginScope
kill	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    kill?: PluginKill;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Plugin
kill	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    kill(shallow?: boolean): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerInstance
labels	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^    labels: Labels;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Timeline
lagSmoothing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    lagSmoothing(threshold: number, adjustedLag?: number): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
layoutGrid	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    layoutGrid: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
layoutGridChar	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    layoutGridChar: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
layoutGridLine	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    layoutGridLine: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
layoutGridMode	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    layoutGridMode: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
layoutGridType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    layoutGridType: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
lazy	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    lazy?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
left	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    left: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
letterSpacing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    letterSpacing: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
lightingColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    lightingColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
lineBreak	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    lineBreak: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
lineHeight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    lineHeight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
listStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    listStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
listStyleImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    listStyleImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
listStylePosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    listStylePosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
listStyleType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    listStyleType: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
lockAxis	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly lockAxis: boolean;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
mapRange	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const mapRange: typeof gsap.utils.mapRange;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
margin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    margin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
marginBottom	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    marginBottom: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
marginLeft	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    marginLeft: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
marginRight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    marginRight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
marginTop	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    marginTop: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
marker	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    marker: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
markerEnd	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    markerEnd: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
markerMid	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    markerMid: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
markerStart	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    markerStart: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
mask	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    mask: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maskComposite	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maskComposite: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maskImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maskImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maskPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maskPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maskRepeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maskRepeat: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maskSize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maskSize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maskType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maskType: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
max	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    max?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaDuration
max	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    max?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaObject
maxHeight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maxHeight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maxRotation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly maxRotation: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
maxWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    maxWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
maxX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly maxX: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
maxY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly maxY: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
min	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    min?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaDuration
min	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    min?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaObject
minHeight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    minHeight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
minRotation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly minRotation: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
minWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    minWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
modifier	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    modifier(...args: any[]): any; \/\/ TODO: Add signature$/;"	m	interface:gsap.PropTween
modifiers	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    modifiers?: ModifiersVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
modifiers	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  const modifiers: ModifiersPluginClass;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap.plugins
msContentZoomChaining	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomChaining: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZoomLimit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomLimit: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZoomLimitMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomLimitMax: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZoomLimitMin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomLimitMin: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZoomSnap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomSnap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZoomSnapPoints	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomSnapPoints: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZoomSnapType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZoomSnapType: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msContentZooming	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msContentZooming: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msFlowFrom	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msFlowFrom: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msFlowInto	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msFlowInto: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msFontFeatureSettings	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msFontFeatureSettings: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridColumn	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridColumn: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridColumnAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridColumnAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridColumnSpan	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridColumnSpan: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridColumns	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridColumns: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridRow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridRow: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridRowAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridRowAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridRowSpan	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridRowSpan: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msGridRows	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msGridRows: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msHighContrastAdjust	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msHighContrastAdjust: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msHyphenateLimitChars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msHyphenateLimitChars: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msHyphenateLimitLines	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msHyphenateLimitLines: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msHyphenateLimitZone	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msHyphenateLimitZone: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msHyphens	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msHyphens: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msImeAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msImeAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msOverflowStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msOverflowStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollChaining	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollChaining: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollLimit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollLimit: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollLimitXMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollLimitXMax: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollLimitXMin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollLimitXMin: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollLimitYMax	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollLimitYMax: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollLimitYMin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollLimitYMin: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollRails	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollRails: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollSnapPointsX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollSnapPointsX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollSnapPointsY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollSnapPointsY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollSnapType	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollSnapType: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollSnapX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollSnapX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollSnapY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollSnapY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msScrollTranslation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msScrollTranslation: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msTextCombineHorizontal	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msTextCombineHorizontal: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msTextSizeAdjust	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msTextSizeAdjust: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msTouchAction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msTouchAction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msTouchSelect	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msTouchSelect: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msUserSelect	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msUserSelect: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msWrapFlow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msWrapFlow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msWrapMargin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msWrapMargin: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
msWrapThrough	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    msWrapThrough: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
name	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    name: string;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Plugin
name	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    name: string;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginScope
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    new(): PluginScope & CSSPlugin;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.CSSPluginClass
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^    new(): PluginScope & DrawSVGPlugin;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.DrawSVGPluginClass
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    new(): PluginScope & AttrPlugin;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.AttrPluginClass
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    new(): PluginScope & ModifiersPlugin;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.ModifiersPluginClass
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    new(): PluginScope & SnapPlugin;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.SnapPluginClass
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    new(): PluginScope & InertiaPlugin;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.plugins.InertiaPluginClass
new	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    new(target: TweenTarget, properties?: string, type?: VelocityType, next?: VelocityTrackerIns/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTracker
normalize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const normalize: typeof gsap.utils.normalize;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
ns20d1e4d10101	notum_life/fonts/icomoon.svg	/^<svg xmlns="http:\/\/www.w3.org\/2000\/svg">$/;"	n	uri:http://www.w3.org/2000/svg
nullTargetWarn	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    nullTargetWarn?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
objectFit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    objectFit: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
objectPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    objectPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
on	notum_life/node_modules/tiny-emitter/index.d.ts	/^  on   (event: string, callback: Function, ctx?: any): EventEmitter;$/;"	m	class:EventEmitter
onComplete	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onComplete?: Callback;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onCompleteParams	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onCompleteParams?: any[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onInterrupt	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onInterrupt?: Callback;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
onInterruptParams	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onInterruptParams?: any[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
onRepeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onRepeat?: Callback;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onRepeatParams	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onRepeatParams?: any[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onReverseComplete	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onReverseComplete?: Callback;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onReverseCompleteParams	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onReverseCompleteParams?: any[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onStart	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onStart?: Callback;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onStartParams	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onStartParams?: any[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onUpdate	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onUpdate?: Callback;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
onUpdateParams	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    onUpdateParams?: any[];$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CallbackVars
opacity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    opacity: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
order	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    order: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
orphans	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    orphans: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
outline	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    outline: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
outlineColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    outlineColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
outlineOffset	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    outlineOffset: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
outlineStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    outlineStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
outlineWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    outlineWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
overflow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    overflow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
overflowAnchor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    overflowAnchor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
overflowWrap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    overflowWrap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
overflowX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    overflowX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
overflowY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    overflowY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
overshoot	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    overshoot?: number; $/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaDuration
overwrite	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    overwrite?: "auto" | boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
padding	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    padding: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
paddingBottom	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    paddingBottom: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
paddingLeft	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    paddingLeft: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
paddingRight	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    paddingRight: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
paddingTop	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    paddingTop: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
pageBreakAfter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    pageBreakAfter: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
pageBreakBefore	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    pageBreakBefore: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
pageBreakInside	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    pageBreakInside: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
parent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^    readonly parent: Timeline | null;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Animation
paused	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    paused?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
penAction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    penAction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
perspective	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    perspective: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
perspectiveOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    perspectiveOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
pipe	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const pipe: typeof gsap.utils.pipe;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
placeContent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    placeContent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
placeItems	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    placeItems: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
placeSelf	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    placeSelf: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
pointerEvent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly pointerEvent: TouchEvent | PointerEvent;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
pointerEvents	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    pointerEvents: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
pointerX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly pointerX: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
pointerY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly pointerY: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
points	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    points?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseVars
position	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    position: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    prototype: PluginScope & CSSPlugin;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.plugins.CSSPluginClass
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draw-svg-plugin.d.ts	/^    prototype: PluginScope & DrawSVGPlugin;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.plugins.DrawSVGPluginClass
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    prototype: PluginScope & AttrPlugin;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.plugins.AttrPluginClass
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    prototype: PluginScope & ModifiersPlugin;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.plugins.ModifiersPluginClass
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    prototype: PluginScope & SnapPlugin;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.plugins.SnapPluginClass
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    prototype: PluginScope & InertiaPlugin;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.plugins.InertiaPluginClass
prototype	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    prototype: VelocityTrackerInstance;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.VelocityTracker
quotes	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    quotes: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
r	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    r: PluginRender;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PropTween
random	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const random: typeof gsap.utils.random;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
randomize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    randomize?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseVars
register	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    register(core: typeof gsap): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.PluginStatic
register	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    register(core: typeof gsap): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTracker
registerEffect	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  function registerEffect(effect: object): void;$/;"	f	namespace:gsap
remove	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    remove(callback: Callback): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
remove	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    remove(property: string): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerInstance
render	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    render: PluginRender;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PluginScope
render	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    render?: PluginRender;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Plugin
repeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    repeat?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
repeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    repeat?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.StaggerVars
repeatDelay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    repeatDelay?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
repeatDelay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    repeatDelay?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.StaggerVars
repeatRefresh	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    repeatRefresh?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
resistance	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    resistance?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
resize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    resize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
reversed	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    reversed?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
right	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    right: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotate	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotate: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotateX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotateX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotateY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotateY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotateZ	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotateZ: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotation: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly rotation: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
rotationX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotationX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotationY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotationY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rotationZ	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rotationZ: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rowGap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rowGap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rubyAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rubyAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rubyOverhang	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rubyOverhang: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
rubyPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    rubyPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
runBackwards	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    runBackwards?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
scale	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    scale: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
scaleX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    scaleX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
scaleY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    scaleY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
scrollBehavior	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    scrollBehavior: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
scrollProxy	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly scrollProxy: any; \/\/ TODO: Create interface$/;"	p	class:Draggable
shuffle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const shuffle: typeof gsap.utils.shuffle;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
skew	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    skew: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
skewX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    skewX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
skewY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    skewY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
sleep	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    sleep(): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
smoothChildTiming	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    smoothChildTiming?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TimelineVars
smoothChildTiming	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^    smoothChildTiming: boolean;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Timeline
smoothOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    smoothOrigin: BooleanValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
snap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    snap?: SnapVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
snap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^  const snap: SnapPluginClass;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap.plugins
snap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const snap: typeof gsap.utils.snap;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
snap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  function snap(snapValues: { values: Point2D[], radius?: number }): (valueToSnap: Point2D) => P/;"	f	namespace:gsap.utils
snap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  function snap(snapValues: { values: number[], radius?: number }): (valueToSnap: number) => num/;"	f	namespace:gsap.utils
splitColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const splitColor: typeof gsap.utils.splitColor;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
stagger	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    stagger?: NumberValue | StaggerVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
startAt	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    startAt?: TweenVars;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
stopColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    stopColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
stopOpacity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    stopOpacity: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strength	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    strength?: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseVars
stringFilter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    stringFilter?: Callback; \/\/ TODO: Find out signature$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
stroke	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    stroke: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeDasharray	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeDasharray: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeDashoffset	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeDashoffset: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeLinecap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeLinecap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeLinejoin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeLinejoin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeMiterlimit	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeMiterlimit: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeOpacity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeOpacity: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
strokeWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    strokeWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
svgOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    svgOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
t	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    t: object;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.PropTween
tabSize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    tabSize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
tableLayout	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    tableLayout: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
taper	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    taper?: "in" | "out" | "both" | "none";$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseVars
target	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly target: HTMLElement | SVGElement;  $/;"	p	class:Draggable
target	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    readonly target: object;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerInstance
targetTest	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-plugins.d.ts	/^    targetTest(...args: any[]): any; \/\/ TODO: Add signature$/;"	m	interface:gsap.PluginStatic
template	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/ease.d.ts	/^    template?: string | EaseFunction$/;"	p	interface:gsap.RoughEaseVars
textAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textAlignLast	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textAlignLast: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textAnchor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textAnchor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textCombineUpright	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textCombineUpright: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textDecoration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textDecoration: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textDecorationColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textDecorationColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textDecorationLine	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textDecorationLine: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textDecorationStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textDecorationStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textEmphasis	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textEmphasis: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textEmphasisColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textEmphasisColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textEmphasisPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textEmphasisPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textEmphasisStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textEmphasisStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textIndent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textIndent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textJustify	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textJustify: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textKashida	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textKashida: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textKashidaSpace	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textKashidaSpace: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textOrientation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textOrientation: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textOverflow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textOverflow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textShadow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textShadow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textTransform	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textTransform: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
textUnderlinePosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    textUnderlinePosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
tick	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    tick(): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
ticker	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  const ticker: Ticker;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap
time	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    time: number;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.Ticker
toArray	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const toArray: typeof gsap.utils.toArray;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
top	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    top: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
touchAction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    touchAction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
track	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    track(target: TweenTarget, properties: string, type?: VelocityType): VelocityTrackerInstance/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerStatic
transform	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transform: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transformBox	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transformBox: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transformOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transformOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transformStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transformStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transitionDelay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transitionDelay: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transitionDuration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transitionDuration: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transitionProperty	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transitionProperty: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
transitionTimingFunction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    transitionTimingFunction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
translate	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    translate: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
translateX	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    translateX: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
translateY	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    translateY: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
translateZ	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    translateZ: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
tween	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly tween: gsap.core.Tween;  $/;"	p	class:Draggable
unicodeBidi	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    unicodeBidi: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
unitFactors	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    unitFactors?: { time?: number, totalTime?: number };$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
unitize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const unitize: typeof gsap.utils.unitize;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
units	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    units?: GSAPUnits$/;"	p	interface:gsap.GSAPConfig
untrack	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/utils/velocity-tracker.d.ts	/^    untrack(target: TweenTarget, properties?: string): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.VelocityTrackerStatic
userSelect	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    userSelect: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
vars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly vars: Draggable.Vars;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
vars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/timeline.d.ts	/^    vars: TimelineVars;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Timeline
vars	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/tween.d.ts	/^    vars: TweenVars;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Tween
velocity	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/inertia-plugin.d.ts	/^    velocity?: number | "auto";$/;"	p	interface:gsap.InertiaObject
version	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/animation.d.ts	/^    static readonly version: string;$/;"	p	class:gsap.core.Animation
version	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  static version: string;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
version	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^  const version: string;$/;"	C	namespace:gsap
verticalAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    verticalAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
visibility	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    visibility: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
wake	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    wake(): void;$/;"	m	interface:gsap.Ticker
webkitAlignContent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAlignContent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAlignItems	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAlignItems: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAlignSelf	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAlignSelf: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimation	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimation: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationDelay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationDelay: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationDirection	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationDirection: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationDuration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationDuration: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationFillMode	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationFillMode: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationIterationCount	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationIterationCount: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationName	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationName: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationPlayState	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationPlayState: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAnimationTimingFunction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAnimationTimingFunction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitAppearance	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitAppearance: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBackfaceVisibility	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBackfaceVisibility: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBackgroundClip	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBackgroundClip: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBackgroundOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBackgroundOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBackgroundSize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBackgroundSize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBorderBottomLeftRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBorderBottomLeftRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBorderBottomRightRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBorderBottomRightRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBorderImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBorderImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBorderRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBorderRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBorderTopLeftRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBorderTopLeftRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBorderTopRightRadius	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBorderTopRightRadius: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxAlign	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxAlign: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxDirection	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxDirection: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxFlex	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxFlex: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxOrdinalGroup	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxOrdinalGroup: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxOrient	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxOrient: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxPack	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxPack: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxShadow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxShadow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitBoxSizing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitBoxSizing: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnBreakAfter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnBreakAfter: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnBreakBefore	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnBreakBefore: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnBreakInside	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnBreakInside: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnCount	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnCount: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnGap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnGap: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnRule	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnRule: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnRuleColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnRuleColor: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnRuleStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnRuleStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnRuleWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnRuleWidth: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnSpan	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnSpan: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumnWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumnWidth: any;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitColumns	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitColumns: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFilter	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFilter: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlex	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlex: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlexBasis	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlexBasis: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlexDirection	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlexDirection: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlexFlow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlexFlow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlexGrow	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlexGrow: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlexShrink	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlexShrink: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitFlexWrap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitFlexWrap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitJustifyContent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitJustifyContent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitLineClamp	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitLineClamp: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMask	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMask: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskBoxImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskBoxImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskBoxImageOutset	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskBoxImageOutset: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskBoxImageRepeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskBoxImageRepeat: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskBoxImageSlice	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskBoxImageSlice: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskBoxImageSource	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskBoxImageSource: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskBoxImageWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskBoxImageWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskClip	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskClip: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskComposite	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskComposite: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskImage	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskImage: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskPosition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskPosition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskRepeat	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskRepeat: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitMaskSize	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitMaskSize: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitOrder	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitOrder: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitPerspective	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitPerspective: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitPerspectiveOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitPerspectiveOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTapHighlightColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTapHighlightColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTextFillColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTextFillColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTextSizeAdjust	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTextSizeAdjust: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTextStroke	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTextStroke: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTextStrokeColor	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTextStrokeColor: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTextStrokeWidth	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTextStrokeWidth: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransform	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransform: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransformOrigin	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransformOrigin: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransformStyle	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransformStyle: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransition	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransition: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransitionDelay	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransitionDelay: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransitionDuration	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransitionDuration: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransitionProperty	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransitionProperty: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitTransitionTimingFunction	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitTransitionTimingFunction: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitUserModify	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitUserModify: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitUserSelect	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitUserSelect: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
webkitWritingMode	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    webkitWritingMode: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
whiteSpace	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    whiteSpace: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
widows	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    widows: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
width	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    width: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
willChange	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    willChange: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
wordBreak	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    wordBreak: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
wordSpacing	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    wordSpacing: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
wordWrap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    wordWrap: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
wrap	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const wrap: typeof gsap.utils.wrap;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
wrapYoyo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-utils.d.ts	/^  export const wrapYoyo: typeof gsap.utils.wrapYoyo;$/;"	C	function:gsap.utils.snap
writingMode	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    writingMode: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
x	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    x: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
x	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly x: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
xPercent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    xPercent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
y	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    y: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
y	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  readonly y: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
yPercent	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    yPercent: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
yoyo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    yoyo?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.AnimationVars
yoyo	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    yoyo?: boolean;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.StaggerVars
yoyoEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    yoyoEase?: boolean | string | EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.StaggerVars
yoyoEase	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/gsap-core.d.ts	/^    yoyoEase?: boolean | string | EaseFunction;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.TweenVars
z	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    z: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
zIndex	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    zIndex: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
zIndex	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/draggable.d.ts	/^  static zIndex: number;$/;"	p	class:Draggable
zoom	notum_life/node_modules/gsap/types/css-plugin.d.ts	/^    zoom: TweenValue;$/;"	p	interface:gsap.CSSProperties
